ISSUES

* I had difficulty creating a method to check for diagonal winning sequences. I was unable to check for diagonal sequences with a 
positive slope and diagonal sequences with a negative slope in the same method. I resolved this issue by creating two helper functions, 
one for each type of diagonal sequence

* I was unsure how to test the methods I created for my GameBoard class since my methods needed the board to have different states
to fully test all aspects of their functionality. Since it is tedious to manually create 2D vectors and assign them to my board 
variable, I created helper functions that allow me to easily modify the state of my board by changing individual rows, columns, or
even elements

* I struggled a lot to debug my methods that check for diagonal win sequences. I kept encountering out of bounds errors but could not 
find any problems in the general logic of my algorithms. I finally realized that my first while loop in my methods increments or decrements
my row and column variables one element past the bounds of my board vector. When I tried accessing elements in the board in the second 
while loop, I was trying to access invalid bounds on the first iteration. I resolved this issue by changing the bounds back from
the last iteration of the first while loop so that the bounds would be valid when I entered my second while loop.

* Creating my game board using openFrameworks' graphics library was more time consuming and problematic than I expected. The coordinate system 
was set up differently than I am used to and it took me a lot of trial and error to find the right dimensions for my board and center it properly.
I also had trouble separating the different squares in my game board. My board would look like a giant rectangle rather than a grid resembling 
a Connect4 board. I solved this issue by using the drawLine method to draw vertical and horizontal lines on the boundaries between different 
squares on the grid. Thus, it is now easy to identify the individual squares that the grid is composed of.

* I ran into some issues when I tried to create a arrow object using openFrameworks' 2D graphics library. Initially, I tried combining a 
ofRectangle object with an ofTriangle object to create an arrow but I soon realized that shifting the arrow required keeping track of a lot 
of coordinates and manipulating them. After some research, I realized that openFrameworks' 3D library contains methods that allow you to draw 
arrows using 3D points. I was able to convert my arrows into 2D objects by setting the z component parameter of the 3D points equal to zero.

* Writing the code that would allow players to drop checkers onto the board by pressing the enter key was a frustrating process. My program would
freeze and crash every time the enter key was pressed. My intial thoughts were that it was a front end issue with how I was using openFrameworks' 
draw methods or allocating space on the window using ofRectangle, but upon closer inspection I realized there was a problem with my backend logic. 
My ofApp class relied on my GameBoard class to handle the logic behind dropping a checker onto the board. The dropChecker() method in my GameBoard 
class wassupposed to return the row the checker was placed in. Although, the dropChecker() method would place the checker in the correct row 
internally, it didn't return the correct value which meant my ofApp class would try to access an invalid row when attempting to draw the checker 
on the board.

* Setting up a GUI interface that would let players choose the game settings before the game started was more difficult than I antcipated. I kept
runnng into an error where the window would display the GUI but wouldn't let me interact with the GUI in any way. I had no idea what I was doing wrong
since I was following example code provided by openFrameworks. Eventually, after a lot of trial and error, I realized the GUI must be initialized in
the setup method generated by openFrameworks and then drawn in the draw() method to work properly. I was setting up and drawing the GUI in the draw
method() since the GUI would only be displayed once. After shifting some of my code around, the GUI is now working without any issues.

* Finding a way to allow the players to enter in text input took some research. I wrongly assumed that the openFrameworks ofxGUI library would contain
functionality to accept text input but the library mostly contains basic features like sliders and buttons. To allow my players to enter in their
names before the game began, I had to search for an alternate addon that was compatible with openFrameworks. After some googling, I decided to use
ofxInputField