# Project Proposal
  For my final project I would like to implement the classic game Connect-4.  My game will provide an interface for two different players to compete against each other and will follow all the traditional rules associated with Connect-4, such as building horizontal, vertical, and diagonal sequences of checkers to win. Some key components my program will contain are: a 7x6 board, black and red checkers, a scoreboard, and another sign that is used to indicate which player’s turn it is. The checkers and board are designed to mimic the layout of an actual game of Connect-4. The scoreboard will keep track of the two players’ scores across multiple games.
	
  I also have a general idea of how my program should operate. After my program is launched, there will be window that asks for the two players’ names and allows them to enter in their names. Internally, I will randomly assign each player a color and choose who gets the first turn. Afterward, the window will switch to the game state. In the game state, I want the score board to appear in the upper right corner with the players’ names. I want the game board to take up most of the window and appear in the middle. Above the game board, I want to display a sign that indicates which player’s turn it is. Then, the program will allow the first player to select a column on the game board using the mouse or left and right arrow keys. When the player selects a column, that column will become highlighted to show the player they’ve selected it. The player will then be able to drop a checker in their chosen column by pressing some designated key. The same process will be repeated for the other player. After each player’s turn, the program should run certain algorithms to verify whether the game board contains four of the same colored checkers in a row. If it does, the window should switch from the game state to the finished state. In the finished state, the window displays the name of the player that won and asks if the players would like to play again. If they say yes, the window will change to a brand-new game state with an updated scoreboard. This will be repeated for whatever number of games the players decide to play.
	
  Some libraries I plan on using for this project are Cairo and ofSoundPlayer from openFrameworks. Cairo will help me create the graphical objects (game board, checker, scoreboard) used in my game state window, and ofSoundPlayer will allow me to implement soundbites in my game. These soundbites will be used in response to certain player actions. For example, when a player drops a checker in onto the gameboard, the program will play some soundbite that simulates what that noise would sound like in real life.
	
  Although I don’t any have particular experience in C++ that would give me an advantage in this project, I have played Connect-4 many times. So, I am confident that I understand the logic and structure of the game and am capable of using this knowledge to make good design choices. Furthermore, this is a game that I enjoy, so I am enthusiastic about this project!

I’ve included some links to the libraries I will be using below:
Cairo : https://cairographics.org/
ofSoundPlayer: http://openframeworks.cc/documentation/sound/ofSoundPlayer/

EDIT:
	I decided not to use Cairo for this project since openFrameworks' graphics library contained all the functionality my game needed. On the otherhand, 
	a library I did not mention above but ended up using was the ofxInputField addon. This library allowed me to accept text input through a GUI, a feature
	that ofxGUI lacks. I used this feature to allow players to enter in their names, which would then appear on the scoreboard.
	
